Measuring Temperature and Humidity with the HDC1008 from TI
---------------------------------
During the presentation, the Humidity and Temperature sensor from TI was briefly explained. If you like to learn more about it you can
find more detailed information in the datasheet:

The Breakout board from Watterott has the pull-up resistors already designed into the breakout board. Which means you can wire the
sensor directly to your pyboard. In the first example the I2C on Pins 'X9' and 'X10' where used to run the test code.

Have a look at the datasheet of the pyboard lite with accelerometer. Can you adjust the test code in the hdc1008test.py and use it with the other I2C? On which Pins is it?

Showing the Temperature and Humidity on the LCD160CR
-----------------------------
Now we want to combine the LCD160CR tutorial and show the results on the screen drectly.
The first step would to direct the REPL onto the screen directly. Can you find the comand for directing the REPL to the screen?
Hint: return to the LCD160CR tutorial

This doesn't look very nice. We would like to have a box on the screen where the Temperature appears and a seperate one for the Humidity? Or be creative!

Congratulations! You have designed your own Temperature and Humidity meassurement device.

Making it work with the Huzzah Feather board
------------------------------
The test code for your HDC1008 is also working with the Adafruit Huzzah board which has a different microcontroller the ESP8266. Please try to wire your sensor to the board and see, if you can get it working.
